Architecture && Fix of Read/Writes mistakes (#45)
raven-os/libconfig: API_doc/Communication.md

| BAD_ORDER | Argument(s) missing or bad |
| UNKNOWN_REQUEST | Bad request name |
| INTERNAL_ERROR | The service got an error |

> | UNAUTHORIZED | Sent if a read-only session try to modify the config |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UNAUTHORIZED | Sent if the client tries to modify a config using a read-only key |
```
